add documentation about how accessing old API path for public download with apache (#3396)
tracim/tracim: backend/doc/apache.md

    sudo ln -s /etc/apache2/sites-available/tracim.conf /etc/apache2/sites-enabled/tracim.conf

> #### Permit access to guest download with old direct link url used before Tracim 3.x (old API path is `/api/v2/`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Allow guest downloads from direct URLs produced before Tracim v3 (the old API path is `/api/v2/`)
```

Author: The problem here is:
- old url work (hyperlink not use `/api/v2/`)
- old direct url not work (direct link is in text view)

example:
- old url (Tracim < 3.x): `http://localhost/api/v2/public/guest-download/.....`
- new url (Tracim ≥ 3.x): `http://localhost/api/public/guest-download/.....`

> You just need to add this in your apache2 configuration to make sure old direct link working correctly:

Reviewer 2: I would avoid using words like "just", "easily", "simply" ... in documentations since, in IT, nothing actually ever is

Reviewer: I would agree with @Skylsmoi

Author: thanks for this information.

Author: So `You may` or `You can` ?

Author: I choose `You can`.

> You just need to add this in your apache2 configuration to make sure old direct link working correctly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add this in your apache2 configuration to make sure old direct links still work:
```
